ROX-19799: Update docs for VM2.0 (#78059)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vulnerability-management20-view-cve.adoc

// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities/vulnerability-management.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="vulnerability-management20-view-workload-cve_{context}"]
= Viewing workload CVEs

[role="_abstract"]

The *Vulnerability Management* -> *Workload CVEs* page provides information about vulnerabilities in applications running on clusters in your system. You can view vulnerability information across images and deployments. The *Workload CVEs* page provides more advanced capabilities than the dashboard for filtering, including the ability to view images and deployments with vulnerabilities and filter by image, deployment, namespace, cluster, CVE, component, and component source.

From the *View image vulnerabilities* menu, you can select from the following choices:

> * Image vulnerabilities: Displays images and deployments in which {product-title-short} has discovered CVEs.

Author: Bold, not backtick, is used for UI options

* Name: Image name
* Operating system: Image operating system
* Tag: Image tag
* Label: Image label
* Registry: Image registry
|CVE
a|
* Name: CVE name
* Discovered time: Date when the CVE was discovered by {product-title-short}
* CVSS: Choose the values for the severity level:
** is greater than
** is greater than
** is greater than or equal to
** is equal to
** is less than or equal to
** is less than
|Image Component
a|

* Name: Image component name, for example, `activerecord-sql-server-adapter`
* Source:
** OS
** Python
** Java
** Ruby
** Node.js
** Go
** Dotnet Core Runtime
** Infrastructure

* Version: Version; for example, `3.4.21`. You can use this to search for a specific version of a component, for example, in conjunction with a component name.
|Deployment
a|
* Name: Deployment name
* Label: Deployment label
* Annotation: Deployment annotation
|Namespace
a|
* Name: Namespace name
* Label: Namespace label
* Annotation: Namespace annotation
|Cluster
a|
* Name: Cluster name
* Label: Cluster label
* Type: Cluster type, for example, OCP
* Platform type: Platform type, for example, OpenShift 4 cluster
|===
. You can select the following options to refine the list of results:

> * *Prioritize by namespace view*: Selecting this option displays a prioritized list of namespaces, sorted by risk priority. Using this view, you can quickly identify and address the most critical areas. In this view, click the *<number> Deployments* in a table row to return to the workload CVE list view with filters applied that only show deployments, images, and CVEs for the selected namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Prioritize by namespace view*: Displays a list of namespaces sorted according to the risk priority. This view enables you to quickly identify and address the most critical areas. In this view, click *deployments* in a table row to return to the workload CVE list view, with filters applied to show only deployments, images and CVEs for the selected namespace.
```

> * *Default filters*: You can select filters for CVE severity and CVE status that are applied automatically when you visit the *Workload CVEs* page. These filters only apply to this page, and apply when you visit the page from another section of the {product-title-short} web portal or from a bookmarked URL. They are saved to local storage in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Default filters*: You can select filters for CVE severity and CVE status that are automatically applied when you visit the *Workload CVEs* page. These filters only apply to this page and are applied when you visit the page from another section of the {product-title-short} web portal or from a bookmarked URL. They are stored in the local storage of your browser.
```

* *CVE severity*: You can select one or more levels.
* *CVE status*: You can select *Fixable* or *Not fixable*.

[NOTE]
====
The *Filtered view* icon indicates that the displayed results were filtered based on the criteria that you selected. You can click *Clear filters* to remove all filters, or remove individual filters by clicking on them.
====

In the list of results, click a CVE, image name, or deployment name to view more information about the item. For example, depending on the item type, you can view the following information:

* Whether a CVE is fixable
* Whether an image is active
* The Dockerfile line in the image that contains the CVE
* External links to information about the CVE in Red{nbsp}Hat and other CVE databases

.Search example

> The following graphic shows an example of search criteria for a cluster called "staging-secured-cluster" to view CVEs of critical and important severity with a fixable status in that cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following graphic shows an example of search criteria for a cluster called `staging-secured-cluster` to view CVEs of critical and important severity with a fixable status in that cluster.
```
